Changed all British spellings in the Extending and Reference section to American spellings. (#11567)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/pages/model_recipes.md

register_snippet(TagsSnippetViewSet)
```

> A `Tag` model has a `name` and `slug` required fields. If you decide to add a tag, it is recommended to only display the `name` field panel as the slug field is auto-filled when the `name` field is filled and you don't need to enter the same name in both fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Tag` model has a `name` and `slug` required fields. If you decide to add a tag, it is recommended to only display the `name` field panel as the slug field is automatically populated when the `name` field is filled and you don't need to enter the same name in both fields.
```

Not sure on the word but we maybe should avoid the term autofill/auto-fill as it could be confused with browser auto-fill/autocomplete.
